README.md, before:

# CM_Matting
Computational Method Matting Project


## Project Link
* project link [CM_Matting](https://github.com/CNStanLee/CM_Matting.git)
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/CNStanLee/CM_Matting.git
  ```

## Project Structure
### 000Reference
Reference the project use
### 001Project Plan
Plan to run the project
### 002Matlab Project
Matlab project to implement the Bayesian matting and comparation with laplace matting
### 003Python Project
Python project to implement the Bayesian matting
### 004Final Presentation
Materials for the Final Presentation
### 005Submission
Sorted Version files for submission
## Update Log
### Changhong 2024/02/13
Update the slides for week 4 in the 005Submisson folder
### Changhong 2024/02/27
Update Readme file for the demostration on 2024/02/29


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. 


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

* Changhong Li - lic9@tcd.ie
* Lingyu Gong
* Qiwen Tan

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

The resources below are cited in this project.

* [Best-README-Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
* [Bayesian-Digital-Matting](https://github.com/clotha87762/Bayesian-Digital-Matting)
* [A_Bayesian_approach_to_digital_matting](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/990970)
* [A_Closed-Form_Solution_to_Natural_Image_Matting](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/4359322)
* [AlphaMattingWebsite](http://www.alphamatting.com/)
* [MatlabLintTools](http://dirac.mee.tcd.ie/matlab_check.php)

Commit message:

update python basic function demo and basic unitest

README.md, after:

# CM_Matting
Computational Method Matting Project


## Project Link
* project link [CM_Matting](https://github.com/CNStanLee/CM_Matting.git)
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/CNStanLee/CM_Matting.git
  ```

## Project Structure
### 000Reference
Reference the project use
### 001Project Plan
Plan to run the project
### 002Matlab Project
Matlab project to implement the Bayesian matting and comparation with laplace matting
### 003Python Project
Python project to implement the Bayesian matting
### 004Final Presentation
Materials for the Final Presentation
### 005Submission
Sorted Version files for submission
## Update Log
### Changhong 2024/02/13
Update the slides for week 4 in the 005Submisson folder
### Changhong 2024/02/27
Update Readme file for the demostration on 2024/02/29
### Changhong 2024/03/13
1. Update the readme file of the python project and whole project
2. Split the functions to the python file could be called by the jupyter
3. Add docstring to the python function
4. Add Time and memory estimation of the script
5. Add basic Unitest for the function blocks 
6. Add requirements.txt for deps


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. 


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

* Changhong Li - lic9@tcd.ie
* Lingyu Gong
* Qiwen Tan

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

The resources below are cited in this project.

* [Best-README-Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
* [Bayesian-Digital-Matting](https://github.com/clotha87762/Bayesian-Digital-Matting)
* [A_Bayesian_approach_to_digital_matting](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/990970)
* [A_Closed-Form_Solution_to_Natural_Image_Matting](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/4359322)
* [AlphaMattingWebsite](http://www.alphamatting.com/)
* [MatlabLintTools](http://dirac.mee.tcd.ie/matlab_check.php)
